DevOps Consultant
Posted on 1 Apr 2024


Company : Infosys Limited
Role : Senior Consultant - Quality
Unit : Quality
Code : INFSYS-REFERRAL-178635 Share
Location IconBANGALORE , India


TECHNOLOGY->DEVOPS->CONTINUOUS TESTING 

Job Description
Description:
Enterprise Quality Solutions is the IT process and strategy consulting practice at Infosys and is part of the Infosys Quality Department. 
It provides consulting services to clients in the areas of Software Process Improvement and overall IT Process Optimization, with the objective of delivering quantifiable business benefits – in terms of Cost, Quality, Productivity and Time to Market. 
It provides consulting and implementation services in the areas of Enterprise Agile and DevOps transformation, lean agile methods, modern DevsecOps architecture and tooling on various cloud platforms etc. 
It leverages internal Infosys best practices, Industry standard frameworks and the cumulative experience of approximately 500 consulting engagements to improve the ways of working of our clients' IT organizations.


Responsibilities:
Technically analyze the clients' IT environment for achieving better efficiency using DevOps tools & methodologies traditional or Cloud environments., Prepare a gap analysis document and / or design a proposed DevOps Automation adoption roadmap on CI / CD from requirements to solution. Architect the DevOps tooling infrastructure and define the interface requirements among the various tool sets integrated with various DevOps Platforms, Provide mentorship to DevOps Engineers, project delivery and support in the areas of Build / Test / Deploy lifecycle activities and Application Performance Management, Research and evaluate emerging technologies, industry and market trends to assist in project and/or solution offering development activities.


Work Experience:
3 - 10 years of experience


Educational Requirements:
MBA,Bachelor of Engineering
Additional Responsibilities:
Enterprise Quality Solutions is the IT process and strategy consulting practice at Infosys and is part of the Infosys Quality Department. It provides consulting services to clients in the areas of Software Process Improvement and overall IT Process Optimization, with the objective of delivering quantifiable business benefits – in terms of Cost, Quality, Productivity and Time to Market. It provides consulting and implementation services in the areas of Enterprise Agile and DevOps transformation, lean agile methods, modern DevsecOps architecture and tooling on various cloud platforms etc. It leverages internal Infosys best practices, Industry standard frameworks and the cumulative experience of approximately 500 consulting engagements to improve the ways of working of our clients' IT organizations.
Technical and Professional Requirements:
Preferred Skills:
Technology->DevOps->Continuous Testing
